this is what happens when I turn on
notifications for every single app when
I first started this YouTube channel 13
years ago I would get an email every
single time someone subscribed but by
the time I hit 10,000 it started to get
a little Mar I still wanted to see every
single notification but doing so meant I
was getting pinged at all hours of the
day I had to disable them however now
just for science let's see what happens
if I enable them now that we have a
Twitter a Tik Tok an Instagram and not
one but two YouTube channels totaling
over 20 million subscribers okay so I
think everything is on we're going to
disable Do Not Disturb mode in 3 2
1 there's literally just comments that
say 300 people lik your photo oh my
watch is pinging too it's absolutely
wild to think that every single time I'm
getting one of those pings that's one of
you guys writing a comment or leaving a
like oh and wait I can see new YouTube
comments coming in every 2 seconds this
is absolutely crazy and I'm just
imagining being able to hand these
phones to me 10 years ago I would have
been very proud thank you